[Desteni] Interview with Cross-Dimensional Space Connections - Jack - Human History (65) Is the Earth Hollow?
This is Jack. Is the earth hollow?
It used to be, but not now
I say this because - at the center of the earth - a long time ago...
When the Atlantis and Annu are still busy deriving their plans
When Anu brought Nibbi to the side of the earth to be able to take gold, it was... making gold
And materialize the gold - from the magma in the center of the earth -
The spatial gravity of the trans-dimensional dimension is placed at the center of the earth -
Realizing gold, all within the core of the earth
With and above, with in the center...
They created one.... - This is before everything becomes materialized (* manifestation into matter) - Please, people, listen well
Before everything became materialized, they placed a cross-dimensional spatial metal configuration in the center of the core.
The reason is that:
That is where people stay "stay"
Where are the Annunaki stays?
When they are taking gold from the Earth's core - when using the crystals in the four corners of the world to refine (gold)
So, that is where they stay - Nibeiro is still isolated from the Earth;
Near the earth, but not inside the earth
So, that's where some of the Annunaki people are waiting - a few, not the whole planet -
And this metal configuration is placed around to ensure that the Annunaki community does not affect -
Or form a relationship with the Atlantis
Because - still remember that I said
Atlantis feels uncomfortable with Annunaki living on their planet
Because that interaction relationship can happen
And may affect Atlantis, as well as the performance of Annunaki...
So, this metal layer - in the center of the earth
Basically to ensure that the impact of this interaction does not exist
Or interactive contact
So Atlantis and Annunaki will not affect each other’s performance in existence.
This metal configuration in the core center, basically -
Separation (*two groups) and form a complete trans-dimensional space vacuum
At the center of the core
So Atlantis and Annunaki will not affect each other.
However, I said the Annunaki ethnic group... After a while
After the inevitable must leave - so they are gone
And that's like...a hollow space...in the middle of the earth's core
But that is no longer there, because that is a cross-dimensional spatial configuration.
Just as everything is realized as a solid (* manifestation into matter), then the trans-dimensional metaphysical entity - solidified with the earth -
But as far as magma is there, there are other things.
It still exists across the dimensionality of the dimension, this metal configuration is still there -
Even - the earth is not hollow - not
Thank you, this is Jack.